docs readme: Gluon v2023.2.2 (#3200)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/releases/v2023.2.2.rst

Gluon 2023.2.2
==============

Bugfixes
--------

> * Fixed a bug where nodes connected using VxLAN would lose connectivity to all but 1 neighbors 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where nodes connected using VXLAN would lose connectivity to all but 1 neighbors 
```

Gluon 2023.2.2
==============

Bugfixes
--------

> * Fixed a bug where nodes connected using VXLAN would lose connectivity to all but 1 neighbors 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where nodes connected using VXLAN would lose connectivity to all but one neighbor
```
